README.md, before:

# HammerEngine
HammerEngine is an open source Engine using Vulkan as backend.
It supports simple collision detection, there is an example in the test folder.

[Showoff.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3d87ad2-bde6-4431-944c-7280afff7d88)

# The goal of HammerEngine
The goal of the Hammer Engine is of combining ease of use of a game Engine and speed of Vulkan to make 3d and 2d games as fast and fun as possible.

# The performance of HammerEngine

The number 1 goal of HammerEngine is performance on low-end machines. It out performance most engines while having support for many machines.

# What does HammerEngine support?

Vulkan Native: Built from the ground up for modern hardware efficiency.
Collision System: Includes a functional, simple collision detection system.
Developer Friendly: Designed for rapid prototyping without sacrificing performance.

# Want to contribute?
We are looking for contributors! Since we are in the alpha/beta stage, now is the best time to help shape the engine's architecture. We are especially looking for help with:

1. Vulkan pipeline optimizations
2. Extended physics/collision features.
3. Separate the functions from HammerEngine.cpp into separate files.
4. Add a class for creating pipelines and managing them.
5. Add a class for creating draw calls (not Render pass)
6. Add documentation, to help people learn Hammer Engine.

# How to use?

When the first non-alpha-beta version will release, there will be a guide to help you learn HammerEngine.

Commit message:

Update contribution guidelines for engine optimization

README.md, after:

# HammerEngine
HammerEngine is an open source Engine using Vulkan as backend.
It supports simple collision detection, there is an example in the test folder.

[Showoff.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3d87ad2-bde6-4431-944c-7280afff7d88)

# The goal of HammerEngine
The goal of the Hammer Engine is of combining ease of use of a game Engine and speed of Vulkan to make 3d and 2d games as fast and fun as possible.

# The performance of HammerEngine

The number 1 goal of HammerEngine is performance on low-end machines. It out performance most engines while having support for many machines.

# What does HammerEngine support?

Vulkan Native: Built from the ground up for modern hardware efficiency.
Collision System: Includes a functional, simple collision detection system.
Developer Friendly: Designed for rapid prototyping without sacrificing performance.

# Want to contribute?
We are looking for contributors! Since we are in the alpha/beta stage, now is the best time to help shape the engine's architecture. We are especially looking for help with:

1. Optimizing the Engine even more for low-end machines.
2. Extended physics/collision features.
3. Separate the functions from HammerEngine.cpp into separate files.
4. Add a class for creating pipelines and managing them.
5. Add a class for creating draw calls (not Render pass)
6. Add documentation, to help people learn Hammer Engine.

# How to use?

When the first non-alpha-beta version will release, there will be a guide to help you learn HammerEngine.
